gh-116010: Remove link to deprecated PEP 6 in FAQ guide (#116246)
python/cpython: Doc/faq/general.rst

  changes.
* *C* is the micro version number -- it is incremented for each bugfix release.

> See `Status of Python versions section of the Python's Developer Guide
> <https://devguide.python.org/versions/>`__ for more information about
> bugfix releases. Also, consult :pep:`387` to learn more about Python's
> Backward Compatibilty policy.

Reviewer: Let's point to https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/, that's where [PEP 6](https://peps.python.org/pep-0006/) points.

Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
See the `Developer's Guide
<https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/>`__ for more information about
the development cycle, and :pep:`387` to learn more about Python's
backward compatibility policy.
```

Author: Sounds good! Accepted the suggestion.

practice, after a final minor release is made, the version is incremented to the
next minor version, which becomes the "a0" version, e.g. "2.4a0".

> See the `Developer's Guide
> <https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/>__`

Reviewer: <img width="783" alt="image" src="https://github.com/python/cpython/assets/1324225/d726a9fc-3a61-4e41-8118-df78ac6492f0">

reST links are always a bit tricky, I think this should do it:

```suggestion
See the `Developer's Guide
<https://devguide.python.org/developer-workflow/development-cycle/>`__
```

practice, after a final minor release is made, the version is incremented to the
next minor version, which becomes the "a0" version, e.g. "2.4a0".

See the Developer’s Guide for more information about the development cycle, and
PEP 387 to learn more about Python’s backward compatibility policy.  See also

> the documentation for sys.version, sys.hexversion, and sys.version_info.

Reviewer: Make sure not to lose the reStructuredText links :)

Author: Yeah, just realized that. It should be fixed now. Thanks for catching!
